hello
Greetings mighty warriors.  What brings you to my mighty palace?
mighty
You dare to question my might?
dare
Well, if that's how you feel, I have nothing more to say to you.
palace
This grand palace was built up from the gold and jewels scavanged from the dead bodies lining the caverns.
scavanged
Our skeletal warriors are very efficient.  They kill everything in sight.
efficient
There are so many warriors guarding my kingdom that no one can possibly survive.
survive
Many treasure hunters and adventurers seek out the items my skeletal warriors are guarding.
guarding
Many who have died often carry items of great power and wealth.
caverns
There are many caverns through the great glaicer.
dead
The dead carry many great treasures.  Most are adventurers, and carry lots of gold or items of great power and wealth.
treasures
Our caves hold many treasures.  However, we are not about to tell how how to get into them.
caves
There are many strange caves that have been carved out from the glacier.  However, they have all been secured from intruders.
secured
Each is locked with the strongest adamantine.  The key to some of these caves may be found with the hydra.  Since no one is ever foolish enough to fight the hydra, our treasure is safe.
hydra
A ferocious five-headed beast who can spit fire and destroy any who walk into her path.
path
If you are foolish enough to find the hydra, you won't be alive to tell the tale.
foolish
Behind a secret door, she lies in wait for foolish adventurers.
safe
No one is foolish enough to seek out the hydra.  Our treasure is quite safe.
intruders
Many people, such as yourself, would love to get what we have.
power
Magical spells are of great power to the surface world.  I know of two powerful spells of water and ice that might be found down here.
water
Water is one of the prime elements of this world.  When used with magic, it forms a great power.
ice
Ice is water frozen.  It is very unforgiving, and provides mages with one of the most powerful spells in the lands.
unforgiving
The powerful forces of ice and water show no mercy to those it is directed against.
wealth
We have collected many relics from the failed adventurer's bodies.
relics
These relics are held in some caves deep within the glacier.  One is a clerical scepter of healing.  Another is a powerful staff of fire.  There are also an assortment of keys to places we dare not venture.
venture
We dislike the surface-dwelling world.  It is much more comfortable down here.  Very few of us ever leave the confines of the caverns, let alone the glacier.
keys
There are a couple of strange keys we know not about.
wand
All we know of the wand is that it has mysterious powers of healing.
staff
The staff seems to spew out fire, which we dare not come close to.
fire
We are very vulnerable to fire.  We tend to stay away from it.
