hello
For what purpose do you seek me?
purpose
What is it that you seek?  How may I be of assistance?
seek
You have found me, which shows you have determination.
found
I have been living among these caves for many centuries.
caves
The caves are wonderously peaceful.  No more worries about the outside world.
outside
Those who would rather seek power than goodness sought to destroy me, but I survive.
power
The magical powers are strong indeed.  There are those who use this magical power to enhance their control over others; to rule over others.
control
Many wizards are on the advisory council to the King.  Through this little known council, the wizards seek to control the entire world, starting with Oceancrest.
advisory
The King has many advisors.  The wizards offer much power to a gullible King.
gullible
A person who blindly believes cannot be trusted.
oceancrest
The Council of Wizards resides in Lyanden Castle, in Oceancrest.
castle
The center of power in Oceancrest.
goodness
Although there are few, some wizards try to maintain order and prevent the evil wizards from coming into power.
few
Only two others fight against the evil wizards.
two
I cannot say who the other two are, for it endangers their lives.
endangers
Just by knowing who they are, their names can fall into the wrong hands.
wrong
The evil wizards are always on the lookout for them.  They will not find me here.
destroy
I am a threat to the evil wizards plans of conquest.  If they know I am still alive, they will surely try to destroy me.
alive
I created my own death to prevent being captured.
captured
If the evil wizards captured me, they would use their powers to imprison me forever.
imprison
A powerful spell which traps the soul forever.
traps
A large gem holds the souls of those who would be forever trapped by the evil wizards.
forever
The only way to release the souls of the gem is to bring the gem to another wizard to be destroyed.
destroyed
Only by destroying the gem can the souls be released.
survive
My death has been exagerated.  I am most assurably alive.
peaceful
No one bothers me here, and I can go about my work.
work
I have unleashed many powers while I have been down here.
unleashed
Three powerful scrolls have been created.  I will tell you what they are if you tell me who told you I was here.
cygnus
Ah, my friend Cygnus.  I miss his conversations.  Anyway, I have created two powerful offensive spells using the power of the massive glacier.
conversations
We would talk for hours about magic and spells.  It was with his assistance that I created the enchant scroll.
glacier
The glacier is a source of great magical power.  Both the bloodboil and iceblade spells take shape from the massive glacier.
bloodboil
This is a fantastic spell.  One of my favorites.  This is the only spell I still have control of.
have
Yes, my other scrolls were stolen by the sahuagin and the frost giants.  The bloodboil spell is safely locked away.
locked
Behind a magical golden door.  I have not seen the scroll for some time, so I can only assume it is still there.
golden
The golden doors are locked by a magical combination of rings.
rings
You must press the rings in a certain order.  If the combination is correct, the door will open.  If not, a powerful surge of electricity will strike the unfortunate person.
combination
You must enter the combination in the correct order, or the door will not open.
order
I will tell you the order of the combination if you tell me the name of the Frost Giant Lord.
brumfundl
Yes, it is an odd name.  The combination of the rings is: center middle outer middle middle inner outer middle inner outer.
assume
I have heard of strange creatures who dwell in these caverns and beyond.  One of them may have figured out how to enter the room.
creatures
That is all I know.  I have never met any of them, and do not plan to do so in the near future.
sahuagin
The deadly sahuagin dominate much of the oceans and salt water lakes throughout the land.
dominate
They have powerful, sharp claws and deadly daggers they use to overpower and kill the land creatures.
land
They hate all land-dwelling creatures.
iceblade
The frost giants took the iceblade spell and hid it away.  The funny part is that they lost the key to open the door to the spell.
lost
The sahuagin might have taken the key on a recent raid.
raid
They raid the lands often, but seldom engage the frost giants, as they are no where near as powerful as the giants, especially on land.
giants
The giants like to hoard treasure.  There is a jewelled key which opens the lock to their treasure hoard.
hoard
The hoard is sealed behind a door, but the jewelled key has never been found.
jewelled
It is rumored that the sahuagin king might have the key.  Deep below the lake, you will find the sahuagin civilization.
civilization
Beware.  The sahuagin like to fight in packs.  It will be hard to reach their king.
enchant
A great spell which enables the powerful mage to enchant weapons and armors.  However, it has fallen into the wrong hands.
hands
The powerful yeti, long time enemies of the frost giants, stole the scroll, but they are not smart enough to use it.
smart
Only powerful wizards can use this spell.  I believe the scroll is still down here, but I do not know where it is being kept.
chanteclaire
So you seek Miss Chanteclaire.  I do not know where she is right now.  Perhaps you should try her teleporter.
teleporter
She uses the teleporter in her magic shop to get away to hidden places, far beyond the city.
beyond
One of the teleporters leads here.  I know this because that's how I escaped.  I do not know where the other teleporter leads.
escaped
Many centuries ago, I forged my death to escape from the evil wizards.
other
Danielle entrusted the combination of the two teleporters to me.  I will tell you the combination to the second teleporter if you tell me the real name of Grand Druid.
felicia
Felicia is the name of the Great Druid of Etolos, not the Grand Druid.
grand
The Grand Druid is the leader of all the Druidic cultures.
robyn
It is my guess that the second teleporter leads to Tanagra, home of the Grand Druid.  The combination is: grey yellow yellow purple blue blue purple purple yellow blue.
tanagra
A mysterious island that cannot be reached by conventional means.
conventional
Ships, boats and such.  It can only be reached through the teleporter.
bye
Good Luck to you, my friends.
