hello
Welcome brave warriors.
brave
You are brave if you have come after me.  What information do you seek?
information
I am very old, and have eyes everywhere.
eyes
A figure of speech.
old
For a dragon, very old.  Tell me what it is you seek.
chanteclaire
Hmm...Miss Chanteclaire is rather hard to find.
hard
Yes...she is very secretive about her whereabouts.
secretive
Everyone is after her for something or another.
something
Well, she is probably the most powerful mage in Oceancrest.
where
Hmmm...I could tell you, but you must tell me that you are worthy.  Tell me this.  Who is her apprentice?
raspillion
Ahh...you know Raspillion.  Good.  So who sent you to me?
nathan
I know of Nathan, but he knows not of me.
mondrake
Ahh...Mondrake the Cloud Giant.  What color scroll did he direct you to?
direct
Yes...if you were persistant, he would point you to a scroll.  What color was it?  If you do not know, return to Mondrake and find the scroll.
aniline
That is good to hear.  You still seek Miss Chanteclaire, eh.  Well, your best bet is to seek out Aphrotine or Marbella.
aphrotine
No, she is not dead.  She is being held captive.
captive
The Wizards of Keslar did not like her attitude.
keslar
A very evil place filled with powerful magic.  It is a very dangerous place to be exploring by yourself.
dangerous
The wizards do not like visitors.
visitors
They are unreceptive to visitors.  Watch out for the trap in front of the entrance to the Palace.  It will take you to the dungeon.
trap
There is a pit trap just before the entrance to the Palace.
entrance
You must first find the proper key.
key
Seek out Nannerl, of the Red Robe.  She will point you in the right direction.
nannerl
She is the great wizard of the Wizard's Eye.
red
The red robed mages are a small group of neutral aligned mages.
neutral
They do not take sides, either good nor evil.  They seek balance.
balance
Balance is the delicate art of surviving in a world of good and evil.
surviving
If you align yourself with either, the opposite will seek to destroy you.
destroy
The mages of evil alway seek to destroy the mages of good.  This is why the Wizard's Eye has lasted so long.  They refuse to take sides.
wizard's
The Wizard's Eye is also known as the Order of the Red Robes.  It is located near Marina Way and Rosecrest Street.  The Order of the Red Robed Wizards are to wizards as druids are to clerics.
druids
Druids also belive in strict neutrality.  Any net imbalance can be detremental.
detremental
Too much goodness can be just as bad as too much evil.  The Red Robed Mages believe strictly in this balance.
located
You must know the password to get information from Nannerl, though.
password
You can never be too careful.  Tell her Cygnus sent you and that the password is Dantarrel, the name of her familiar, a jaguar.
familiar
Wizards often take familiars to act as their eyes for them.
eyes
The familiar is a scout for the mage.
scout
He can be used to gather information about people, places or events, without the wizard ever leaving her sanctuary.
sanctuary
Nannerl's sanctuary is the Wizard's Eye.
jaguar
A rather ferocious beast, but one of the swiftest in the land.
wandering
You do not want to wander into the Keslar Palace.
attitude
She defied the wizards and they captured her.
captured
She is being held, but I know not where.  If you find her, she will be happy to help you find Chanteclaire.
find
Try talking to the ghost of Rowland.
rowland
One of the finest mages in the land before the fall of Keslar.
fall
Keslar was not always an evil place.  Talk to Rowland.
marbella
Miss Lena Marbella is in self-exile.
self-exile
She does not wish to associate with society anymore.
associate
After she "disappeared", she retreated to Ituk.
disappeared
Have you not heard the story?
story
You should talk to Aetelos, the bard.  He can tell you the story.
aetelos
He is the bard in the Red-Eye Pub.  He will be happy to explain it to you.
red-eye
A pub on the corner of Hofton and Lorian.
retreated
Since no one trusted her anymore, she left for Ituk.
trusted
Trust is not gained easily.
ituk
A glacier on the northern continent of Nellan.
nellan
The northern continent.  There is an easy way to get there.
easy
The teleporter in Miss Chanteclaire's store will take you there if you have the proper code.
code
Yes, the code.  There are three buttons on the wall near the teleporter.
teleporter
A fantastic magical device that will take you to a different place.
place
It is hard to say where it will take you.  Only the owner knows.
buttons
There are three buttons on the wall of the room: a red, green and orange button.  There is also a black button which resets the teleporter.  Press the black button first, press in the combination.
combination
I will tell you the combination if you tell me the first person to master the art of magic; the first wizard of Keslar.  You can't be too careful, you know.
deneb
I am glad you are knowledgable in the history of Oceancrest.  The combination to the teleporter is red green green orange red orange orange red green.  Be sure to press the black button to reset the combination lock or it will shock you.
shock
If you press the buttons in the wrong order, they will shock you.
black
The black button resets the combination.  Press the black button before you press any other buttons.
thanks
Good luck.
bye
May the dragons fly with you.
