bless CAST bless
Go and may you have only good luck in your quests.
hi
Hello, Have you come to learn the Mystical Sciences?
learn
I can teach you, but you must first enroll.
train
I can teach you but you must first enroll.
enroll
Go to the registrar and pay your fees.  Return with your verification slip. You need only enroll once, and then you can take the two classes that I teach.
teach ACTION raise
I can teach you only as a Necromancer.  What level do you seek to attain?
seven ACTION smile
You must enroll first.  To advance to that level you need only enroll. After that you may take two classes from me to advance beyond seven.
eight
You must prove to me that you are worthy of your title.  Return to me with the proper talisman.
talisman 
You must seek for it under the city.  This quest will prove to me that you are capable of advancing.
under ACTION cringe
Yes, there are many creatures under Celduin.  It will not be easy, and you should not go alone.
alone
Hmmmm, you must prove to me that you are able to work with others to achieve your goals.
goal
In this case, to get the talisman under Celduin.  You must work with others to achieve the next level of Necromancy.
nine ACTION shake PLAYER
You have done well indeed if you are ready for my final class. 
final 
Before you can advance beyond necomancer you must prove your proficiency in conversing with the dead.
dead
You must travel to Galbasi, and return with a token from the grave of a dead mage.
token
You will know it when you see it, for it glows with a light that only the dead can look into.
galbasi ACTION fume
Begone!  Your ignorance has tested my temper long enough!
pipe ACTION smile
Why sure, dont mind if I do.
weed ACTION warm
Why sure, dont mind if I do.
registrar ACTION eye PLAYER
Oh, you're a bright one, huh?  Try in the student union.
slip
You can get it from the registrar.
enrollment
You can get it from the registrar.
union
That is where the registrar is.  You can enroll there.
verification
You can get it from the registrar.

