hello
Welcome to my castle, little man.
castle
Can you not see around you?  This is my castle!
little
You are quite little compared to myself.
thunderbolt
You are seeking the thunderbolt spell, eh.  Well, I must know who sent you to me.  I do not give this spell out to just anyone.
annetol
That blue dragon scum?!?  How dare you mention his name.
scum
He has caused me much problems.  At least in the clouds, he can no longer bother me.
problmes
Many problems.  First he's complaining about credit for his spell and then he's complaining about powers.  He'd gladly kill me if he had the chance.
credit
Some of the elements of my thunderbolt spell come from his lightning spell.  I gladly give him credit for that, but I put everything together to make the thunderbolt spell.
lightning
A powerful spell made by Annetol, the blue dragon.  You can find him in a cave overlooking the River Othax.  You can also do me a favor and dispose of this hideous beast.
othax
A large river running through the town of Oceancrest.
dispose
I am not able to travel to the surface world.
surface
Your world.  I cannot function there.  If I confront Annetol on the surface, it will destroy your world.
destroy
If either I or Annetol should fall, it would destroy at least one of your city blocks.
bother
Annetol is old.  He cannot fly up to the clouds anymore.
anymore
He has become old and fat.  He just sleeps in his cave overlooking the River Othax.
sleeps
He is too lazy to come after me anymore.  He is not a threat to me.
threat
When we were battling in the clouds, we were evenly matched.
battling
We fought over control of the thunderbolt spell.
control
He claims that he made the spell and I claimed that I made it.
claims
In the end, he took his lightning spell and retreated to the surface.
retreated
He tired of the confrontation, but still holds a grudge.
grudge
He would gladly see me destroyed.
evenly
Yes, we were both very powerful years ago.
nathan
Ah, Nathan the Unicorn Lord.  He is a good friend of mine.
friend
Yes, he comes often to play Latterian Chess with me.
latterian
An ancient form of chess formed by eight boards with each person having control of their thirty-two pieces.  It is far too complicated to explain to your species, as you do not have the mental capacity to handle such a complex game.
mental
Not to be condescending, but you are not intelligent enough to even begin to understand how the game is played.
condescending
You are not equal to me in either mental or physical strengths.
understand
I do not wish to discuss this.  It bores me.
equal
How can you even think to compare yourself to me?
compare
You are but a mere fly to me.
discuss
You did not come here to discuss Latterian Chess.  Shall we get down to business?
business
You come for the thunderbolt spell.  I know where it is.
where
Ah, you are quite inquisitive for such a puny species.
inquisitive
I suppose that is a flaw in your species.  Nevertheless, I will tell you where to find the scroll.
find
You will find the scroll hidden in the cloudy alcove above this castle.  It is guarded by one of my cloud giant guards.  Go up from my throne room and you will be on the ceiling.  But be warned.  Only one of you may go at a time.  If you can defeat my cloud giant guard, you will be worthy of my scroll.
defeat
I will not let just anyone have the secrets to my spells.
guards
I have a guard posted up there all the time.
alcove
A small alcove high above the castle.  Only one person may attempt to get the scroll at a time.  Be warned, though, that the scroll may not always be there, but the guard will.
attempt
Hehehe.  I know your limitations and have left one of my younger guards up there.
limitations
You cannot defeat me.  You and all your friends will have a hard time defeating my regular guards.  The younger guards get stuck with the boring job of guarding that scroll.
younger
You will have a tough time defeating him, but those who are wise in the ways of combat will be able to do so.
wise
Yes, only people who know how to use their powers can defeat my guards.
scroll
I know of many scrolls.  Please be more specific.
chanteclaire
You see Danielle Chanteclaire, eh.  Well, I know not her location.
location
She does come here often.  Perhaps you should ask Cygnus.
cygnus
You have not heard of Cygnus, the great Gold Dragon?  That disturbs me.
disturbs
Yes, he should be prominent in your society.  I have not seen him in ages.
prominent
Cygnus is one of the great dragons of the land.  If you have not heard of him in your world, perhaps he is no longer in this world.
heard
He has a cave in the Avatar Ruins.  You should seek him out.
avatar
The Avatar Ruins are just a bunch of oddly formed rocks that the people of your world believe was formed by the gods.
formed
Fighting Avatars hypothetically create craters and mountains in the process of their battles.
battles
There were no battles.  Just superstition.
process
It explains why magic does not work in that area.
explains
Yes, just as in here, no magic functions in the Avatar Ruins.
ages
He is getting old as well.  But his magical powers are superior.
superior
He is more powerful than the archmages of your lands.
archmages
All but three of your archmages were evil.  Cygnus was the mentor of the other three.
mentor
He taught Chanteclaire and the others the powerful spells of the lands, but only to the good.
good
If you are evil, the scrolls will punish you.
punish
You will not be able to learn Cygnus' scrolls if you are evil.
