protection CAST protection
Go and may you have only good luck in your quests.
train
I can teach you but you must first enroll.
enroll
Go to the registrar and pay your fees.  Return with your fee payment authorization. You need only enroll once, and then you can take the classes that I teach. 
ten ACTION smile
You must enroll first.  To advance to that level you need only enroll. After that you may take two classes from me to advance beyond ten. 
eleven
You have learned to harness the power of the dead, the power of that which is visible, and the power of that which is invisible.  You must now use this knowledge to advance further as a Occultate.
occultate
Go to the Plains of Allisk.  There you will find the labyrinth.  Bring to me the shaping-cloak.
Occultate
Go to the Plains of Allisk.  There you will find the labyrinth.  Bring to me the shaping-cloak.
labyrinth
It is in the plains of Allisk, southeast of Parth.
Parth
The southern-most city of Isengard, you fool!
parth
The southern-most city of Isengard, you fool!
Allisk ACTION tap
You will find it southwest of Parth.
allisk ACTION tap
You will find it southwest of Parth.
shaping-cloak
It is a charmed cloak that has been held in the labyrinth by Thuringwethil.
thuringwethil CAST protection
She is the woman of the secret shadow.  An evil creature that lives in a realm that is both undead and alive, visible and invisible.  Be very careful...many students never return from this journey.
charmed
Yes, it is very magical.
twelve
You are doing well indeed if you are ready for my last lession.  You should now begin thinking about the greatest power of a mage...enchanting.
enchanting
You are far from being prepared to cast such a powerful spell.  However, you may be ready to begin your search for this most powerful encantation.
enchant
You are far from being prepared to cast such a powerful spell.  However, you may be ready to begin your search for this most powerful encantation.
encantation
Yes, enchant is the greatest of the mages powers.  Very few advance to the ability to enchant.
prepared
You may begin preparing by finding the parchment of enchantment.
parchment
The parchment of enchantment is the first step in attaining the ability to enchant.  It is a very ancient document and is known to be kept my Neuros.
Neuros
He is an ancient mage, known for his extensive library of old and rare documents.  His library is guarded by a powerful familiar.
neuros
He is an ancient mage, known for his extensive library of old and rare documents.  His library is guarded by a powerful familiar.
library
You will need to find his library and return with the parchment.  He loves to live near the water, but hates the sea.  Search for him there.
water
Yes, Neuros is known also as a great mage in the water realm, but do not seek for him near the seas for he hates the salt air.
sea
Neuros believes that the salt of the sea fouls the pure realm of water and refuses to live near it.  Seek for him in fresh water.
pipe 
Hmmm, It's been quite some time since I've had any.
weed ACTION warm
Of course, dont mind if I do.
registrar ACTION frust
The students just aren't as bright as they used to be!  Try in the student union, sluggard. 
fee
You can get it from the registrar.
authorization
You can get it from the registrar.
payment
Purchase an authorization from the registrar.
union
That is where the registrar is.  You can enroll there.
verification
You can get it from the registrar.
learn ACTION nod
Yes, I teach the most advanced mystical science courses in the land.
advanced 
Only the most promising students may enroll in my class.

