hello
Speak, and I shall hear.
enter
You wish to enter the Dragon's Citadel?
yes
You must have a strong will and a strong heart to survive.
no
Then be gone.  Trouble me not with your mindless babble.
will
Through the darkness of futures past, the wizard longs to see.
heart
One way out between two worlds, fire walk with me.
darkness
Goodness cannot exist without evil.
evil
The Citadel is shrouded with evil.  But the goodness of those who built it will never diminish.
built
The Dragon's Citadel was originally built by a group of druids known as the Dragon's Breath.
druids
The druidian cult known as the Dragon's Breath flourished here centuries ago.
flourished
Their numbers were in the thousands.  They built the Citadel as their place of worship.
worship
Worship for the earthmother.  The creator and keeper of the world.
earthmother
The Goddess Innanlia is known as the earthmother to the druids.  She is the creator and keeper of nature.
keeper
Those who look after the earthmother's work will be rewarded by the earthmother.
rewarded
Blessed with a good and fruitful life.  Unfortunately, the druids were not rewarded by the earthmother.  Instead, they were attacked.
attacked
Attacked for their deviant lifestyle and the riches located within the Citadel.  Before the hordes could take the Citadel, the druids sealed the Citadel and fled.
hordes
Groups of religious sects who didn't like what the Druids stood for.
sects
The major religious sects were jealous of the success of the Dragon's Breath.
jealous
Religious orders resorted to discrediting and even attacking rival religions to gain popularity and members.
success
The Dragon's Breath and the Dragon's Citadel were very popular among the people.
popular
At one point in time, the Dragon's Breath was one of the post popular religions in the world.
riches
No one knows what treasures lie inside the Citadel.  It has been said to be beyond the wildest imaginations of man.
sealed
The Citadel was sealed by two magical keys.  One orange jacinith key and one blue aquamarine key.
jacinith
Ask the Great Druid of Etolos about the wearabouts of the orange jacinith key.
etolos
A small forest of druids, said to be descendants of the Dragon's Breath Druids.
descendants
After the druids fled from the Citadel, they were rumored to have regrouped in the forests.
forest
In the forest, where two rivers join to form one.
aquamarine
The blue aquamarine key is said to be protected within the Citadel's Darkened Realms.
darkened
A dungeon formed beneath the Citadel.
past
History of the the land.  Read about the druids known as the Dragon's Breath.
read
Look in the University Library for a tome about the druids.
futures
All of history is cyclic, as is time.
cyclic
You know not of the mysteries of the universe.  Trouble me not with these trivialities.
time
Time is the passing of history.
history
History is the interpretation of time.

